README.md, before:

# DjangoProjectSetup

## Usage

-   Download the script and put it in your folder of choice.
-   Launch the script :  
`.\Setup.ps1`

-   You can use the `-Verbose` option to display more information about the process :  
`.\Setup.ps1 -Verbose`

-   You can use the `-Clean` option to remove the files created by the script execution :  
`.\Setup.ps1 -Clean`

-   Answer the prompts then wait for the setup and install.

## F.A.Q

### What da script doin' ?

-   Prompt User for venv path, django version and django project name
-   Check if python is present, if not, ask you to install it
-   Install and Activate the Virtual Environment
-   Upgrade pip
-   Install Django at a specific version or latest by default
-   Check if folder has a .git directory and if yes :
    -   Install pre-commit
    -   Generate config files for pre-commit (.pre-commit-config.yaml & .flake8)
    -   Get template .gitignore from gitignore.io and append or create the file
-   Start Django Project using django-admin function if you entered a django project name
-   Generate requirements.txt using pip freeze


### Can I use/modify it ?

This script was created for my personal use mainly, but you are welcome to use, tweak and change it however you like.  
Open-Source is cool ! Do no hesitate to give me feedback.

Commit message:

README UPDATE What is this section

README.md, after:

# DjangoProjectSetup

## What is this ?

It is a Powershell Script to setup a dev environment for a Django project.

## Usage

-   Download the script and put it in your folder of choice.
-   Launch the script :  
`.\Setup.ps1`

-   You can use the `-Verbose` option to display more information about the process :  
`.\Setup.ps1 -Verbose`

-   You can use the `-Clean` option to remove the files created by the script execution :  
`.\Setup.ps1 -Clean`

-   Answer the prompts then wait for the setup and install.

## F.A.Q

### What da script doin' ?

-   Prompt User for venv path, django version and django project name
-   Check if python is present, if not, ask you to install it
-   Install and Activate the Virtual Environment
-   Upgrade pip
-   Install Django at a specific version or latest by default
-   Check if folder has a .git directory and if yes :
    -   Install pre-commit
    -   Generate config files for pre-commit (.pre-commit-config.yaml & .flake8)
    -   Get template .gitignore from gitignore.io and append or create the file
-   Start Django Project using django-admin function if you entered a django project name
-   Generate requirements.txt using pip freeze


### Can I use/modify it ?

This script was created for my personal use mainly, but you are welcome to use, tweak and change it however you like.  
Open-Source is cool ! Do no hesitate to give me feedback.
